docs: added link to video on using eso with aws secrets manager (#911)
external-secrets/external-secrets: docs/eso-demos.md

Balkrishna Pandey shows us here how to use ClusterSecretStore and how to integrate ESO with Hashicorp Vault on Openshift.

[![How to manage secrets in OpenShift using Vault and External Secrets Operator](https://img.youtube.com/vi/PgiXKBTel1E/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PgiXKBTel1E)

## Managing Sensitive Data in Kubernetes with Sealed Secrets and External Secrets Operator (ESO)

Lukonde Mwila demonstrates how ESO works and how to fetch secrets from AWS Secrets Manager into your Kubernetes cluster.

> [Managing Sensitive Data in Kubernetes with Sealed Secrets and External Secrets Operator (ESO)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FD8zzHPbhoY&ab_channel=LukondeMwila)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![Managing Sensitive Data in Kubernetes with Sealed Secrets and External Secrets Operator (ESO)](https://img.youtube.com/vi/FD8zzHPbhoY/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FD8zzHPbhoY)
```
